English
CCHY_Sec4_MYE_2018

20
The text at the bottom of the image begins with the tagline 'Singapore. The holiday you take home with you.' What does this suggest about the holiday experience Singapore can offer to tourists?
According to the text, what is one change a specific group of tourists will experience after visiting the specified attractions?
Identify two phrases which highlight that one can have an extraordinary experience when they come to Singapore.
Look at the image. Identify one work in the text that describes the impression this image hopes to create.
In Paragraph 1, Tom King got to have a meal while his family went hungry. Identify two separate words the writer uses in the paragraph to emphasise that every tiny bit of food in their home was consumed.
In Paragraph 2, the author describes Tom's shabby appearance. Explain how the language used in Paragraph 2 reflects the state of poverty Tom was in. Support your answer with three details in the paragraph.
'Tom King was an old fighter, and they tried out new and young fighters on him. He was the grizzled old chopping-block that guarded the highway to fame and fortune.' (lines 15-17) Why were new fighters sent to fight Tom?
What technique does the writer use in Paragraph 3 to highlight that Tom and Sandel were rewarded very differently?
What is unusual and effective about the phrase 'dancing menacingly' (line 26)?
Explain in your own words why in Paragraph 5, Tom King was not 'dazzled' by Sandel's moves.
What does the 'froth of Youth' (line 34) mean? 
Pick out one word in Paragraph 7 which has the same meaning as (i) lavishly (ii) flowed
Why did Tom King experience a 'flash of bitterness' (lines 52-53)?
Flow chart (i) Paragraphs 1-3 (ii) Paragraph 4 (iii) Paragraphs 5-6 (iv) Paragraphs 7-8
From Paragraph 3, what structures of Stonehenge were constructed after the digging of a circular ditch?
Identify two pieces of evidence from paragraph 4 that Halim can give to support his view.
How would Habsha explain h explain her viewpoint with reference to the information given in Paragraph 4?
Identify a word in Paragraph 4 which has the same meaning as the word, 'haul'.
From paragraph 5, provide evidence fot the following observations, using your own words.
Using your own words, identify two mysteries mentioned in Paragraph 7 with regard to the Stonehenge.
Using your own words as far as possible, summarise the possible purposes of bulding Stonehenge, and how materials for constructing it were transported