#For TypicalGenerator
English
2016 Sec 4 Express English SA2 Commonwealth Secondary School
1
https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1zjHVi4DJ3qFtsqoaMG61CC9hWO4dPgbl
0
0
0
23
1,2,Visual Text
2,2,Visual Text
3,1,Visual Text,Effect of Language Features
4,2,Own Words
5,1,Effect of Words
6a,1,Unusual
6b,1,Inferential
6ci,2,Reference,Quote
6cii,1,Effect of Words
7,2,Effect of Language Features
8,1,Effect of Language Features
9,2,Effect of Words
10,1,Effect of Words,Attitude
11,1,Quote
12,1,Effect of Language Features
13,4,Flow Chart
14,1,Quote
15,2,Own Words
16a,1,Conversation,Evidence
16b,2,Conversation,Factual
17,2,Evidence
18,2,Effective
19,15,Summary
Look at the section beginning with ‘MOST NINE-YEAR-OLD BOYS PLAY...’ What impressions of the exhibit is this section trying to give?
Explain why the image of a scroll is effective in this advertisement.
Look at the section that begins with ‘To say he was born to rule...’ Why is there a switch from past tense to present tense?
What new opportunity is the writer suggesting in Paragraph 2?
In paragraph 2, the writer writes that ‘Claude buckles the meat into his wife’s matching vinyl suitcases and carries them himself by train to Paris.’ What is unusual about the description in italics?
In paragraph 2, the writer writes that ‘Claude buckles the meat into his wife’s matching vinyl suitcases and carries them himself by train to Paris.’Why do you think he packed the meat in this way?
The writer writes that ‘It takes a mind like Claude’s to navigate the complexities of the business (lines 9-10).’ What ‘complexities’ is the writer referring to? Pick a phrase from this paragraph that supports your answer.
The writer writes that ‘It takes a mind like Claude’s to navigate the complexities of the business (lines 9-10).’ What characteristic is the writer suggesting about Claude with this line?
(i) In paragraph 3, the writer says ‘October is here, and bright cold winds ought to pour off the ocean; leaves ought to tumble down the alleys. Saint-Malo roasts.’ Explain how the writer creates a contrast between these two sentences. (ii) What is the effect of this contrast?
Why does the writer use one sentence to compose the whole of paragraph 4?
Paying attention to the italicised descriptions, how does the writer portray the German soldiers in paragraph 5? (i) ‘carry their weapons barrel-down, slinging them over their shoulders like clarinets’ (ii) ‘seemed touched underneath their helmets with a beneficent gold’
Claude observes the German soldiers in paragraph 6. What does his thought ‘Something his own country has lacked’ suggest about his attitude towards his country?
Which word in paragraph 7 suggests Claude’s interest towards his neighbour?
Why is the repetition of ‘This’ in paragraph 10 particularly effective?
The structure of the text reflects the main stages in the narrative. Complete the flow chart by choosing the appropriate phrase from the box to summarise the main focus in the paragraphs given below. (i) Paragraphs 1-2 (ii) Paragraph 3 (iii) Paragraph 6 (iv) Paragraph 8
The writer describes modern men as ‘soulless appendages to their desktop computers’ (lines 4-5). Write down a phrase from the same paragraph that reflects a similar meaning.
From paragraph 2, what is the effect of the ‘much hyped advances in technology’ on us? Answer in your own words.
Anne: Bond and his villains certainly work in contrasting environments! (a) Give evidence from paragraph 4 to support Anne’s view.
Anne: Bond and his villains certainly work in contrasting environments! Ben: Well, it’s more than the environment. He’s trying to contrast Bond’s and his villains’ differing natures. (b) Explain with reference to paragraph 4 why Ben feels as he does.
From paragraph 6, give two examples of how the Bond story is a ‘twentieth-century folk epic’ (line 36).
Why is the comparison of Bond to ‘spiritual fuel’ (line 61) effective?
Using your own words as far as possible, summarise what makes Bond a hero for audiences today. Use only the material from paragraphs 1-3, 5 and 8 of Text 3. Your summary must be in continuous writing (not note form). It must not be longer than 80 words, not counting the words given to help you begin.

