#For TypicalGenerator
English
Dunman_High_Prelim_2016_P2
1
https://drive.google.com/uc?id=19NuV63nXqET58msFXWoBE4ab9muyJfWe
0
0
0
25
1,1,Visual Text
2,1,Visual Text
3,2,Visual Text
4,1,Visual Text,Quote
5,1,Quote
6,1,Inferential
7,2,Irony
8,2,Language Use of Impact
9,2,Own Words
10,2,Evidence
11,1,Tone
12i,1,Inferential
12ii,1,Unusual
13,1,Factual
14,1,Inferential
15,1,Factual
16,3,Flow Chart
17,1,Factual
18,2,Factual
19,2,Own Words
20i,1,Conversation,Evidence
20ii,1,Conversation
21i,2,Own Words
21ii,1,Inferential
22,15,Summary
Who might be the target audience for this poster?
The poster begins with a statement by a member of SAC. Why does the advertiser choose to include the statement?
Look at the photograph at the centre of the poster. Describe and explain how the photograph conveys the main message of the poster.
Which sentence is intended to give the impression that people in this profession derive benefits beyond that what is typically expected of a job?
Find two consecutive words in paragraph 1 which suggest (i) driving reason, (ii) abrupt change:
With reference to paragraph 1, suggest a reason why Mrs. Packletide was motivated to shoot a tiger
“Mrs. Packletide had already arranged in her mind the lunch she would give at her house in Curzon Street, ostensibly in Loona Bimberton’s honour, with a tiger-skin rug occupying most of the foreground and all of the conversation” (lines 5-8). What is ironic about Mrs. Packletide hosting the lunch ‘ostensibly in Loona Bimberton’s honour’?
Explain how the language used in paragraph 2 suggest that the villagers would do anything to earn the money from the offer made by Mrs. Packletide. Support your ideas with two details from the paragraph.
From paragraph 2, why did the mothers need to quieten down as they walked home through the jungle with their babies? Answer in your own words
How was Mrs. Packletide’s tiger hunt not an adventurous one? Identify two pieces of evidence from lines 26 to 30 to show this.
“With an accurately sighted rifle and a thumb-nail pack of patience cards, the sportswoman awaited the coming of the quarry” (lines 30-32). What is the tone employed by the writer in the sentence above?
What does the word ‘ambling’ (line 45) suggest about the movement of the tiger?
Give one reason why this description is unusual.
‘The villagers, anxious for their thousand rupees, gladly connived at the fiction that she had shot the beast (lines 60-62).’ What did the villagers have to do to receive the money?
What does the phrase ‘repressed emotions’ (line 67) suggest about Loona Bimberton’s response in the letter?
What is Ms. Mebbin’s intention when she said “How amused everyone would be if they knew what really happened” (line 68)?
The structure of the text introduces the character traits of Miss Mebbin, who was the paid companion for Mrs Packletide on the tiger hunt. Complete the flow chart by choosing one word from the box to summarise the main character trait described in each part of the text. There are some extra words in the box you do not need to use.
From paragraph 2, name one way in which the ‘slew of restrictions’ have affected the Rohingyas adversely (line 7).
With reference to paragraph 4, how different are the plights of Rohingyas who remained in their homeland and those who were stranded at sea? (i) On Shore, (ii) At Sea
In paragraph 5, what will happen to the Rohingyas if they are arrested by the Thai authorities at the immigration detention centre? Answer in your own words.
Identify one piece of evidence from paragraph 5 to support Melanie’s view. 
Explain with reference to paragraph 5 why Andy feels that the Thai government faces a dilemma.
According to paragraph 6, how did Aung San Suu Kyi react to the plight of the Rohingyas? Answer in your own words.
Suggest a reason why she reacted in that way.
Using your own words as far as possible, summarise the causes that forced the Rohingyas in Myanmar to escape from their homeland.