#For TypicalGenerator
English
2016 Sec 4 Express English SA2 CHIJ St Nicholas Secondary School
1
https://drive.google.com/uc?id=1ZjV24TnWJtlpHhGEqDZCPGj5x4kDJ3et
0
0
0
24
1,2,Visual Text
2,1,Visual Text,Quote
3,1,Visual Text
4,1,Visual Text
5,2,Language Use of Impact
6,1,Own Words
7,1,Effect of Words
8,1,Reference
9,1,Inferential,Effect of Words
10,2,Inferential
11i,1,Effect of Words
11ii,2,Effect of Words
12,1,Quote
13,3,Inferential,Effective
14,1,Effect of Words
15,4,Flow Chart
16,1,Quote
17,1,Effect of Words
18i,2,Conversation,Evidence
18ii,1,Conversation,Factual
19,1,Attitude
20,2,Factual
21,2,Own Words
22,15,Summary
Look at the image above the phrase ‘Create An Eternal Moment’ How is the image an effective illustration of the phrase?
Pick out two phrases which suggest that the resort is set in an isolated place
What is the main purpose of the poster?
What does ‘Sip champagne on our private jetty’ suggest about the holiday experience at the resort?
From paragraph 1, give two ways in which the writer emphasises Shukhov’s clear conscience
In paragraph 2, why did Shukhov pick up the broken hacksaw-blade at the building-site? Answer in your own words
What does the phrase ‘as swift as the wind’ (lines 12-13) tell us about Shukhov’s state of mind?
In paragraph 3, the writer says, ‘a cobbling knife was money, it was bread’ What does he mean by this expression?
What does the word ‘ruse’ (line 23) suggest about Shukhov?
‘He decided against a young ruddy-faced one’ (line 24) Why do you think Shukhov made this decision?
In describing the older guard, the writer says, ‘it must stink in his nostrils by now like burning sulphur’ (line 27) (i) What does ‘it’ refer to?
In describing the older guard, the writer says, ‘it must stink in his nostrils by now like burning sulphur’ (line 27) (ii) Explain fully what is suggested by the phrase, ‘like burning sulphur’ (line 27)
Which phrase in paragraph 6 suggests that Shukhov is more cooperative than usual during the search?
‘Shukhov felt as though pincers of iron were crushing everything inside him’ (lines 37-38) (i) What does this suggest about Shukhov’s emotion? (ii) Give one reason why this comparison is effective
What does the writer mean by the expression, ‘he would be sunk’ (lines 38-39)?
The structure of the text reflects the different stages of Shukhov’s eventful day Complete the flowchart by choosing one phrase from the box to summarise the main focus of each stage described in each part of the text There are some extra phrases in the box you do not need to use: (i) Paragraph 2 (ii) Paragraph 3 (iii) Paragraphs 4-7 (iv) Paragraph 8   
Pick out a phrase from paragraph 1 which hints that some selfies reveal flirtatious behaviour
What does the phrase ‘wringing their hands’ in paragraph 1 suggest about the feelings of parents and psychologists?
Katniss: The selfie trend reflects badly on teenagers today (i) Give two pieces of evidence from Paragraph 2 to support Katniss’s view
Katniss: The selfie trend reflects badly on teenagers today. Peeta: I don't quite agree (ii) How would Peeta explain his position with reference to lines 7-9?
What does the sentence ‘Do they appreciate that with their likenesses, they are often sending strong visual messages – some even suggestive – that they might not want conveyed?’ (lines 11-13) suggest about the writer’s attitude towards people taking selfies?
(i) According to paragraph 5, what is the most constructive way to stop children from posting suggestive selfies? (ii) Why is it the most constructive way?
Explain what the writer means by the phrase ‘selfies can also be a window into deeper adolescent issues’ (lines 32-33)? Answer in your own words
Using your own words as far as possible, summarise the advantages and disadvantages of selfies, as outlined in the passage Use only information from paragraphs 4 to 7 Your summary must be in continuous writing (not note form) It must not be longer than 80 words (not counting the words given to help you begin)